Add Koala destination documentation (#1186)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/koala.mdx

---
title: "Koala"
description: Send data from RudderStack to **Koala**.
aliases: ["koala"]  // These alias values are used to optimize the page our search index, making it easier for users to find the integration in the docs.
---

[Koala](http://www.getkoala.com)- Koala is a customer intent platform. It is the best way to surface real-time intent signals and alert your sales team about prospects/customers showing buying intent.

<div class="infoBlock">

> Find the open source transformer code for this destination in the <a href="https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-transformer/tree/master/src/v0/destinations/koala">GitHub repository</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the open source transformer code for this destination in the <a href="https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-transformer/tree/master/src/cdk/v2/destinations/koala">GitHub repository</a>.
```

- **Public Key**: The Koala workspace [Public key](https://getkoala.com/docs/integrations/rudderstack).

## Identify

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/identify/">`identify`</Link> call to create or update a Lead object in M.

<div class="infoBlock">
Koala requires you to include either user's <code class="inline-code">email</code> or Koala profile id (<code class="inline-code">ko_profile_id</code>) into the <code class="inline-code">identify</code> call as Koala uses one of this fields to associatie with a profile.
</div>

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("1hKOmRA4GRlm", {
  name: "John Doe",
  email: "johndoe@email.com",
  ko_profile_id: "12345"
})
```
  
### Property mappings
  
The following table lists the mappings between the RudderStack and Koala properties:

| RudderStack trait | Koala field |
| :------------------- | :---------------- |
|      ko_profile_id   | profile_id        |
|                      |                   |
|                      |                   |

  
## Track
  
<Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/">`track`</Link> call
<usage of the call>

> A sample `track` call is shown below:

Reviewer: Can you add more info about what actions track call can perform in Koala destination?

Author: Just added, thanks for flagging that

<div class="infoBlock">
Koala requires you to include either user's <code class="inline-code">email</code> or Koala profile id (<code class="inline-code">ko_profile_id</code>) into the <code class="inline-code">identify</code> call as Koala uses one of this fields to associatie with a profile.
</div>

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("User signed up", {
  plan: "Pro Annual",
  firstName: "John",
  lastName: "Doe",
  ko_profile_id: "12345"
  email: "johndoe@email.com"

> })

Reviewer: This will transformed into

```
{
  "type": "track",
  "event": "User signed up",
  "properties": {
    "plan": "Pro Annual",
    "firstName": "John",
    "lastName": "Doe",
    "ko_profile_id": "12345",
    "email": "johndoe@email.com"
  }
}
```
But in transformer we are expecting `ko_profile_id` and `email` to be in traits/context.traits.
Lets add relevant example here.
cc- @ameypv-rudder
